# SwEnt M1 Team Grading Report

This first milestone M1 serves as a checkpoint at which we provide you with formal feedback on how you are coming together as a team, organizing yourselves, adopting good software engineering practices, and making progress toward delivering incremental value to your users. This is meant to complement the informal, ungraded feedback from your coaches given during the weekly meetings or asynchronously on Discord, email, etc.

The goal of our evaluation is not to assess whether you are top-tier Android developers or software testers, this will be assessed in earnest in subsequent milestones, once you've had the opportunity to gain experience and acquire the relevant skills. You can find the evaluation criteria in the [M1 Deliverables](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/M1.md) document.


## Green Belt

You qualified for a Green Belt 🥋🟢 and got a final grade of 4.72/6 for M1. Great job! You're building solid foundations. 

We looked at several aspects, grouped into five categories. Here is the breakdown of the points you earned:

| Metric                          | **Points Earned**              | **Weight** | **Feedback**                              |
|---------------------------------|--------------------------------|------------|-------------------------------------------|
| **Implementation (APK, CI, tests)** | 4.36 out of 6 | 40%        | [See Details](#implementation-apk-ci-tests) |
| **Sprint Backlog & Product Backlog** | 4.25 out of 6      | 20%        | [See Details](#sprint-backlog--product-backlog) |
| **Figma**                       | 5.5 out of 6       | 15%        | [See Details](#figma)                     |
| **Architecture**                | 5 out of 6 | 15%       | [See Details](#architecture)               |
| **Scrum process documents**     | 5.5 out of 6       | 10%        | [See Details](#scrum-process-documents)    |
| **Final Grade**                 | **4.72 out of 6**    |            |                                           |


In addition to the feedback you received from the coaches during the Sprints, you will find some extra feedback below.

## Implementation (APK, CI, tests)

We looked at whether your APK is functional and reliable. We also assessed your repo setup, whether it is clearly organized and if there is a CI running Sonar Cloud and running tests including at least one meaningful end-to-end test.

At first the apk did not run because it was not signed, we signed manually. The apk runs but we can't get past the login screen. That is because fongerprint is being used, and the SHA1 of each device should be added to firebase.  
- There is no meaningful end-to-end test
There is a lot of documentation on how to conduct code reviews etc, well done. Eveything is well documented!

For this part, you received 4.36 points out of a maximum of 6.

## Sprint Backlog & Product Backlog

We assessed the structure and clarity of your Sprint and Product Backlogs and how you used them.
We looked at whether your tasks are well defined, appropriately sized, and aligned with user stories; whether the Product Backlog is well organized and value-driven; and whether the Sprint Backlog is continuously updated and demonstrates good planning and prioritization.

Sprint Backlog for next week is filled, it would benefit from having estimation for the task time, and more detailed description fo more complete tasks.

The product backlog is populated with a lot of user stories, well done! In the future you should move your user stories to the corresponding 'Done in Sprint x' column to keep track of what was yet implemented in terms of user requirements.

For this part, you received 4.25 points out of a maximum of 6.

## Figma

We evaluated your Figma, whether it is up-to-date with the app and how it is used as a communication, planning and design tool to accelerate the implementation of good UI.

You should have created a branch on the Figma for the M! to have some kind of snapshot ot how the Figma was. Other than this the Figma is really good, it shows some screens that are not yet implemented and the Mockup version is really complete and helps really to understand how the application should work. Keep up the good work!

For this part, you received 5.5 points out of a maximum of 6.

## Architecture

We reviewed your project’s architecture diagram, whether it is up-to-date with the app and if it follows clean design principles. We also looked at how it is used to discuss and document the architecture of the app as the app evolves.

The architecture diagram is up to date with the application, you could improve it further by detailing a bit more the Domain Layer, but other than that it provides a clear overview of the application structure.

For this part, you received 5 points out of a maximum of 6.

## Scrum Process Documents

We reviewed your Scrum process documentation, including Sprint Retrospectives and Team Standup. We assessed whether they documented the process in detail, and how they were used to prepare the meetings. We also looked at your ability to lead structured and effective meetings, with everyone's participation.

The two weekly stand up meeting are carefully documented, well done! The team retrospective are thoughful and contribute to improving the process of the team, well done!

During the meetings with the coaches, the team is proactive and is starting to take the lead, keep up the good work! To improve even further you could encourage conversation about the direction you want your application to take. It is always interesting when you have ideas, to discuss them with the rest of the group and to take advantage of having your coaches present so that they can also give you some feedback!

For this part, you received 5.5 points out of a maximum of 6.

## Summary

Your team grade for milestone M1 is 4.72. If you are interested in how this fits into the bigger grading scheme, please see [project README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/project/README.md) and the [course README](https://github.com/swent-epfl/public/blob/main/README.md).

Your coaches will be happy to discuss the above feedback in more detail.

Good luck for the next Sprints!



